OSDOCS-5992: Adding configuration and cusomization for dashboard (#61790)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-configuring-netobserv-dashboard.adoc

//
// network_observability/configuring-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-netobserv-dashboard_{context}"]
= Configuring viewable metrics for the Netobserv dashboard
You can add or remove metrics from the *Netobserv* dashboard by editing the `ignoreTags` list in the `FlowCollector` `spec.processor.metrics` parameter. 

.Procedure
. In the web console, navigate to Operators → Installed Operators.

> . Under the Provided APIs heading for the NetObserv Operator, select Flow Collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under the Provided APIs heading for Network observability, select Flow Collector.
```

Author: I don't have access to a cluster atm, but did we actually change this to Network Observability in the console? It used to be NetObserv.

Reviewer: In most places we renamed NetObserv to Network Observability, but this isn't new, I think it dates from our first GA :-) 
I know there's a couple of places where this isn't the case, especially for texts in code, but here this name is taken from the operator metadata which we renamed.

Here's a screenshot:
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/2153442/eea29a9b-6d16-4139-a748-f0c2e9083484)

. Select cluster then select the YAML tab.
. Edit the `ignoreTags` list to add or remove metrics from the dashboard, as in the following YAML sample:
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: flows.netobserv.io/v1alpha1
kind: FlowCollector
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  processor:
    metrics:
      ignoreTags: [egress, ingress, flows, bytes, packets, namespaces, nodes, workloads]
----

> For more information about available tags, see the _Flow Collector API Reference_

Reviewer: I think we can be more accurate about how tags work here. Copying the metrics list that you wrote in another file, we can tell which tag they have:

 * *Top flow rates per source and destination namespaces*: tagged "flows" and "namespaces"
 * *Top byte rates emitted per source and destination nodes*: tagged "egress", "bytes" and "nodes"
 * *Top byte rates received per source and destination nodes*: tagged "ingress", "bytes" and "nodes"
 * *Top byte rates emitted per source and destination workloads*: tagged "egress", "bytes" and "workloads"
 * *Top byte rates received per source and destination workloads*: tagged "ingress", "bytes" and "workloads"
 * *Top packet rates emitted per source and destination workloads*: tagged "egress", "packets" and "workloads"
 * *Top packet rates received per source and destination workloads*: tagged "ingress", "packets" and "workloads"

Ignoring a label will ignore all metrics having that label. For instance, when ignoring "packets", "nodes" and "egress", only remain _Top flow rates per source and destination namespaces_ and _Top byte rates received per source and destination workloads_

Author: Okay good feedback. I'll rework this a bit to better describe how the tags work and relate it to the tag descriptions in the Overview.
